---
layout: post
title:  "Brick Rigs Update 1.9 Released!"
date:   2025-10-17 00:00:00 +0000
category: brick-rigs
---
After several months of development, testing and bug fixing, **update 1.9** has finally been released to the public branch! Here is a summary of the changes:

# Translations

In addition to English and German, we have translated the game into **12 new languages**:

- Arabic
- Bengali
- French
- Hindi
- Japanese
- Korean
- Polish
- Portuguese
- Russian
- Simplified Chinese
- Spanish
- Ukrainian

Since a lot of translations were automated and not reviewed by us or the community yet, we expect there to be a few issues remaining. We will continue to work on improving the translations over time.

# Crash Reporter and Bug Tracker

If Brick Rigs crashes, a **crash reporter** window will now appear. You can choose to send us crash reports, including optional additional information. We have also created a **bug tracker** using GitHub Issues, available [here](http://bugs.brick-rigs.com/). These improvements will help us find and fix bugs (especially crashes) more efficiently and effectively than before.

# Linux Support

With update 1.9, we are launching the first **native Linux version** of Brick Rigs. Our goal is to improve performance and stability by avoiding compatibility layers such as Proton or Wine.

# AMD FidelityFX™ Super Resolution Support

We have added **AMD FidelityFX™ Super Resolution (FSR)** as an alternative for systems that do not support NVIDIA DLSS. Like DLSS, FSR renders the game at a lower resolution and then upscales the image to the final output resolution. This can boost frame rates with minimal impact on image quality.

# Additional Improvements

- Added vision deficiency (color blindness) settings
- Added wind direction sensor type
- Improved fluid dynamics by separating the calculation of lift from drag
- Improved several looping sounds
- Lowered minimum camera speed in the editor
- Reduced battle rounds to 15
- Made enabled search filters more obvious
- Made BBCode-formatted Workshop descriptions render correctly
- Made smoke effects scale with scalable exhausts
- Made vehicles spawning inside of each other less likely
- Sort brick tick functions for more deterministic logic

# Bug Fixes

- Fixed physics behaving unpredictably around the gimbal lock angles
- Fixed injured dummies not being healed when revived
- Fixed a specific editor spawn box in Bricksville overlapping with buildings
- Fixed auto-balancing not working if there is an empty team in battle mode
- Fixed vehicle downloads getting stuck at 0%
- Fixed some match settings being displayed as zero instead of unlimited
- Fixed unstable sorting of servers in the server browser
- Fixed unreliable siren cycling
- Fixed new item button on UGC browser being shown when the user cannot enter the editor
- Fixed inability to remove vehicles with dummies inside
- Fixed cursor not being moved to the center when opening the menu in windowed mode
- Fixed non-ANSI characters not being displayed in server titles and descriptions
- Fixed detonators not breaking off when triggered through a collision
- Fixed a bunch of crashes